Group & Groups doc updated - about using local and etc groups (#5483)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/group.md

Use the `group` Chef InSpec audit resource to test a single group on the system.

> Following system group is used in the `group` resource:
> 
> - in **Non-Windows** system, resource only works with a group listed in file `/etc/group` and not a local group of the system.
> 
> - in **Windows** system, resource only works with a local group of the system.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is correct, but it would be good to define where or how the group policy is specified on Windows 

```suggestion
The `group` resource uses the following system groups:

- On **non-Windows** systems the group resource tests a local group defined in the`/etc/group` file.
- On **Windows** systems the group resource tests a local group defined by Local Users and Groups.
```

Author: @IanMadd I think it sounds correct. @clintoncwolfe @Vasu1105 Any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I believe Ian's suggestion is correct.
